Milk Bread

Ingredients: 
3/4 cup heavy cream (room temp)
3/4 cup milk (room temp)
1 large egg (room temp)
550 grams all purpose flour (I used KAF 11.7% protein content)
1 tbsp instant yeast
50g (1/4 cup) sugar
2 tsp salt

Steps: 
1) To stand mixer, add 3/4 cup heavy cream, 3/4 cup milk, 1 egg. 
2) In another bowl, mix together 550g flour, 1 tbsp yeast, 1/4 cup sugar, and 2 tsp salt, before adding to stand mixer. 
3) Knead for about 30-45 mins, until achieves windowpane test. 
4) Cover bowl with plastic wrap, proof for ~1-1.5 hour until 1.5x original size. (I used a closed oven with the light on)
5) This recipe makes 2 loafs, so cut it into 2, and put one half to the side. Choose one of the below options depending on what you want to make with that HALF OF THE DOUGH. 
6) Shape the dough (see below), proof for an hour
7) Preheat oven to 350 F, brush risen dough with egg wash (1 egg with 1 tbsp water), bake for about x mins (see below) until dough sounds hollow when hit. 
8) Remove bread from pan and let cool


Loaf: 
6) To make one loaf, take one of the halves and cut it into 3 or 4 parts, and shape each one, before putting in loaf pan. Let proof for another hour. 
7) Preheat oven to 350 F, brush risen dough with egg wash (1 egg with 1 tbsp water), bake for about 20-25 min until dough sounds hollow when hit. 

Loaf with filling: 
6a) Cut the dough-half into 3 or 4 parts. Setting all but one aside, roll out one part into large rectangle. Spread the filling all over. 
6b) Fold into thirds, and then roll it out again into a rectangle, slightly longer and about as wide as the loaf pan
6c) Roll the dough from short end to the other and fit it inside the loaf pan. 
6d) repeat for the other dough parts
7) Brush with egg wash, bake for ~35 mins at 350 F

Loaf with filling (fancy braided way): 
6a) Roll out the dough into large rectangle, and spread the filling all over, leaving an inch on each side untouched
6b) Fold over each short edge to center, pinch the seams close
6c) Roll out the dough (making sure the seams smooth out and no filling bursts out), and fold into thirds. 
6d) Repeat (6c) again
6e) Roll out to length of loaf pan, make two lengthwise cuts starting from about an inch from the top all the way to the bottom
6f) Braid with the pretty layers showing on top  
7) Brush with egg wash, bake for ~35 mins at 350 F

Hotdog bread: 
6a) Panfry 6 hotdogs, and set on plate to let cool (probably would've been better to do this during the first proof)
6b) Divide the dough-half into 6 parts. Roll out each one into long thin log, and then wrap it around a hotdog. Repeat for other 5 hotdogs
7) Brush with egg wash, can top with scallions, bake for ~15 mins at 350 F


Can also use this to make chinese bakery stuff, like hot dog bread, red bean buns, char siu buns. 


Resources:
Based off Wok's of Life milk bread recipe, but different ingredient ratios: https://thewoksoflife.com/milk-bread-2/
Another good recipe if you want to use tangzhong is from King Arthur's Flour: https://www.kingarthurflour.com/recipes/pillowy-white-bread-recipe

On what to do with the dough
https://thewoksoflife.com/red-bean-bread/
https://thewoksoflife.com/chinese-hot-dog-buns/